This one is going to sound pretty obvious, but a lot of people tend to forget when you have fresh content,
the first people to hear about it should be your email subscribers.
The people on your email list have specifically requested to hear from you.
So they're the best group of people to send new content to.
It's a free source of On-Demand traffic that you actually own.
And continuing to send new content to your subscribers is a great way to maintain that relationship,
keep them engaged and hopefully move them down your funnel over time.
Here's a bonus tip after you send out a new piece of content to your subscribers, wait a couple of
days and then use your email service provider to segment out the people who didn't open the original
message, then send just those people the exact same message again, but with a different subject line.
This is a proven way to significantly increase your open rate and engage people who may have missed
that first email.
We'll talk more on email marketing soon, but I wanted to offer a couple of quick tips here as it pertains
to content promotion.